first time we've seen Phillipa fiddling
with the inside perhaps trying to find
chaos two's backbone did it have any
they're out next up mortis again spam
off what are you spent with a group of
investors hey being lost tomb' what are
you doing he's still ferreting them
before this posting it make sure it
works when we get your name exactly how
do you feel up against mortis do you
think you can get a little worried but
well they've got self right and so even
if we do it relies on the base bases
that hopefully they won't run have you
got the power to for example push them
in the pit they stay still right that's
a great answer
ok alright well I was sure the best
you're gonna need a look at the world I
think with this one so they were gone
thanks
and mortise fillets look confident Bayer
Mothe has that front scoop that could
lift them up and over don't forget
mortise against BAM offers an
all-english affair three two mighty
tents real heavyweight backness mortise
and also with the lifting arm there's
the bear mouth scoop don't forget that
can lift up 300 pounds
oh and mortise up and over and bracing
itself
first on the hammer plate they look so
cool
there's the arm also bracing mortise for
their big edge towards the pit and
they'll need to move here quickly on its
side goodness me the payoff boys they're
nearly have bullets in the pit what a
surprise baby's confidence wish
BMF one step closer to the world
championship title he throws mortars in
the pits and out of the competition and
that's a major surprise surely for Rob
Knight the mortis captain in the pits of
Phillipa but why doing in the good
Natasha do you me but you must be fairly
disappointed with mortise on the hole
because even though you've planned so
much time and effort and money into it
it hasn't warmed under Pope I agree why
do you think that is just one thing you
change or into practice driving I'd say
definitely anyway where were you
thinking oh no this isn't work he's
gonna get me when the axe came in it was
but he only just caught in there jammed
in between the gap since they came in
front with front on front though and
just picked him up nobody went and then
around Irina you can see it glazing over
your eyes the thought of winning the
competition being mortis is quite
triumphant exactly it is a great
solution well thank you